README.md, before:

# LeetCode Solutions

This repository contains solutions to LeetCode problems categorized by difficulty.

## Folders

- **Easy**: Contains solutions to LeetCode Easy problems.
- **Medium**: Contains solutions to LeetCode Medium problems.
- **Hard**: Contains solutions to LeetCode Hard problems.

Feel free to explore the folders and find solutions to various LeetCode problems.

## Testing

This project uses [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) for testing. Jest is a delightful JavaScript Testing Framework with a focus on simplicity.

To run the tests, use the following command:

```bash
npm test
```

## Algorithms Folder

The **Algorithms** folder contains solutions to various algorithm problems. The problems are organized into sections for easy navigation:

- **Section 1**: Basic Algorithms
- **Section 2**: Understanding the Problems
- **Section 3**:
- **Section 4**:
- **Section 5**:
- **Section 6**:
- **Section 7**:
- **Section 8**:
- **Section 9**:

Explore each section to find detailed solutions and explanations for different types of algorithm problems.

## Data Structures Folder

The **Data Structures** folder contains solutions and explanations for various data structure problems. The problems are organized into sections for easy navigation:

- **Section 1**: Introduction to Data Structures
- **Section 2**: Singly Linked Lists
- **Section 3**: Doubly Linked Lists
- **Section 4**: Stacks and Queues
- **Section 5**: Binary Search Trees
- **Section 6**: Tree Traversal
- **Section 7**: Binary Heaps
- **Section 8**: Hash Tables
- **Section 9**: Graphs
- **Section 10**: Graph Traversal
- **Section 11**: Dijkstra's Algorithm
- **Section 12**: Dynamic Programming

Explore each section to find detailed solutions and explanations for different types of data structure problems.

## Jest Test

For more information on how to use Jest, refer to the [official Jest documentation](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/getting-started).

## Upcoming Features

We are excited to announce that an application folder will be available soon, allowing you to run your algorithms seamlessly. Stay tuned for the release in 2025!

Happy Coding!

Commit message:

Refactor README.md and Algorithms/readme.md for improved testing documentation and folder structure clarity

README.md, after:

# LeetCode Solutions

This repository contains solutions to LeetCode problems categorized by difficulty.

## Folders

- **Easy**: Contains solutions to LeetCode Easy problems.
- **Medium**: Contains solutions to LeetCode Medium problems.
- **Hard**: Contains solutions to LeetCode Hard problems.

Feel free to explore the folders and find solutions to various LeetCode problems.

## Jest Docs

For more information on how to use Jest, refer to the [official Jest documentation](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/getting-started).

This project uses [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) for testing. Jest is a delightful JavaScript Testing Framework with a focus on simplicity.

### Folder Structure

The `Test` folder contains the `main.test.js` file, which is responsible for testing your code. The `index.js` file export the code to the `Test` folder to be tested.

```markdown
- /Test
  - main.test.js
- index.js
```

If you fork this repository, GitHub Actions will automatically run `npm test`, which might be challenging to understand initially. Please visit the [GitHub Actions documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) for more information.

This will execute the test scripts defined in your `package.json` file, allowing you to verify that your algorithms work as expected.

## Algorithms Folder

The **Algorithms** folder contains solutions to various algorithm problems. The problems are organized into sections for easy navigation:

- **Section 1**: Basic Algorithms
- **Section 2**: Understanding the Problems
- **Section 3**:
- **Section 4**:
- **Section 5**:
- **Section 6**:
- **Section 7**:
- **Section 8**:
- **Section 9**:

Explore each section to find detailed solutions and explanations for different types of algorithm problems.

## Data Structures Folder

The **Data Structures** folder contains solutions and explanations for various data structure problems. The problems are organized into sections for easy navigation:

- **Section 1**: Introduction to Data Structures
- **Section 2**: Singly Linked Lists
- **Section 3**: Doubly Linked Lists
- **Section 4**: Stacks and Queues
- **Section 5**: Binary Search Trees
- **Section 6**: Tree Traversal
- **Section 7**: Binary Heaps
- **Section 8**: Hash Tables
- **Section 9**: Graphs
- **Section 10**: Graph Traversal
- **Section 11**: Dijkstra's Algorithm
- **Section 12**: Dynamic Programming

Explore each section to find detailed solutions and explanations for different types of data structure problems.

## Upcoming Features

We are excited to announce that an application folder will be available soon, allowing you to run your algorithms seamlessly. Stay tuned for the release in 2025!

Happy Coding!
